#72 add onEvent API (#75)
hCaptcha/HCaptcha-ios-sdk: README.md

If you instead want the classic "normal" or "compact" checkbox behavior of showing a checkbox to tick and then either closing or showing a challenge, you can pass `size` to the HCaptcha initializer.

```swift
let hcaptcha = try? HCaptcha(size: .compact)
```

And you will now get the desired behavior.

### SDK Events

> API allows you to listen for events from the SDK. At the moment the SDK supports:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This SDK allows you to receive interaction events, for your analytics via the `onEvent` method. At the moment the SDK supports:
```

>  - `open` event, which fired once hCaptcha is opened (visible to an app user)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `open` event, which fires when hCaptcha is opened and a challenge is visible to an app user
```

> You can implement this with code below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can implement this with the code below:
```
